Architecture center (#3596)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/architecture-center/reference-architectures/mmoe/lab-prerequisites/index.md

   1. **Clear** the **Copy the prod branch only** checkbox.
   1. Click **Create fork**.

> The repository you are forking has two branches: prod and preview. If not, create them. The preview branch should be populated and is the one to use in tutorials 2 and 3. The prod branch should be empty. In tutorial 4 onwards, promote your code to prod and then use the prod branch for the remaining exercises.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repository you are forking has two branches: `preview` and `prod`. If not, you must create these branches. The `preview` branch is pre-populated and is used in tutorials 2-3. The `prod` branch is empty and used to promote code in tutorials 4-6.
```
